Let's look at the solution to the bank withdrawals exercise.
The first thing we're going to do is import the Spark session.
Then we're going to import our SQL functions.
Then we're going to import our SQL types.
We have some JSON examples here.
We're going to take both of those and create schemas from them.
You'll notice all of them are string types.
Makes sure the field names match your JSON fields.
We're going to create a Spark session,
set the log level to one.
Then we're going to read using the Spark session from Kafka,
setting the bootstrap server to localhost 9092.
We're going to subscribe to the bank withdrawals topic starting offset of earliest,
and we'll load that needs to be converted using the cast.
We are going to cast the keys are strings and the values as strings.
That will create a new DataFrame,
which we can then use to extract the JSON from the value column.
We'll use the from JSON method,
and we will use the bank withdrawals message schema to extract the JSON fields.
We're going to put them back in value,
which will create a bunch of fields underneath of it called subfields.
Now we're going to select those.
using the COO function value.star.
We're going to create a view with those fields called
bank withdrawals and here we select all of them,
all of the data for making withdrawals into another DataFrame.
We now need to repeat that process with our other topic, ATM withdrawals.
We're going to cast the data to strings.
We're going to convert the JSON to irregular dataframe,
and here we select that data into another DataFrame.
You'll notice that we alias transaction ID here as ATM transaction ID,
so that when we do a join,
we don't have a collision on field names.
Here we're going to do a new DataFrame that is the result of the join.
We joine the bank withdrawals with the ATMs like star.
The expression we use is transaction ID equals ATM transaction ID.
That gives us this joint DataFrame.
We're going to put that into Kafka,
and we're going to make our transaction ID our key.
We're going to cast all the fields as the value using two JSON.
It will become one JSON payload,
which will be written to Kafka on the bootstrap server
indicated the new topic will be called withdrawals location.
That's a new topic we're creating here in this code,
and we're going to make a checkpoint location,
which is a temporary path that's used by Spark to save files.
I'm going to call this checkpoint two,
and I'm going to save that.
I'm going to copy the syntax to run it,
which is Spark submit dash dash packages,
the full name of the Kafka library,
and then we will give it the full path to the Python file,
which is home workspace, pink withdrawals.pie.
Now, the cursor is blinking.
Normally it's blinking, it's solid white this time.
For that cursor that means we're waiting for our application to run.
There we go, and that means it's starting to put it into Kafka,
so it just created that topic on the fly.
We're going to read it from Kafka by going to the data Kafka bin folder,
lists that, and we'll see a Kafka console consumer command.
With Bootstrap server, we will tell it where to talk to broker.
The topic is going to be called withdrawals location,
and we want to say dash,
dash from beginning./kafka console consumer.
Oh, let's do that again.slash/Kafka console consumer.
Bootstrap server, localhost 9092,
topic withdraws location from beginning,
and there's my JSON formatted output.
I'm going to Control "C", so we can look at one.
Here's our count number, our amount,
our day and time,
the transaction ID and the transaction date,
the ATM transaction ID, which should match.
That's how joints work,
and the ATM location.
I'm going to stop the spark application with Control "C".